web_static/README.md, before:

AirBnB clone - Web static
==========================
![alt text](https://s3.amazonaws.com/intranet-projects-files/concepts/74/hbnb_step1.png)
## Web static, what???
<p>

Now that you have a command interpreter for managing your AirBnB objects, it’s time to make them alive!

Before developing a big and complex web application, we will build the front end step-by-step.

The first step is to “design” / “sketch” / “prototype” each element:

Create simple HTML static pages
* Style guide
* Fake contents
* No Javascript
* No data loaded from anything

During this project, you will learn how to manipulate HTML and CSS languages.
HTML is the structure of your page, it should be the first thing to write.
CSS is the styling of your page, the design. I really encourage you to fix your HTML part before starting the styling.
Indeed, without any structure, you can’t apply any design.
</p>

>Learn everything in 15 min?!?!
>>**Skim through all this information beloww and your a MASTER....**
>:alien:


What is HTML :checkmark: 🤌🏽
-------------

* The ***HyperText Markup Language***, or HTML is the standard markup language for documents designed to be displayed in a web browser.

How to create an HTML page
---------------------------
* An HTML file is simply a text file saved with an .html or .htm extension.
>Getting Started:

To begin coding HTML you need only two stuff: a simple-text editor and a web browser. Well, let's get started with creating your first HTML page

![alt text](https://learn.shayhowe.com/assets/images/courses/html-css/getting-to-know-html/building-structure.png)

What is a markup language
--------------------------

What is the DOM
----------------

What is an element / tag
-------------------------
What is an attribute
-------------------------

How does the browser load a webpage
------------------------------------

What is CSS
--------------

How to add style to an element
-------------------------------

What is a class
------------------

What is a selector
---------------------
How to compute CSS Specificity Value
-------------------------------------

What are Box properties in CSS
--------------------------------



Resources
============

**Read or watch:**

* [Learn to Code HTML & CSS](https://learn.shayhowe.com/html-css/) (until “Creating Lists” included)
* [Inline Styles in HTML](https://www.codecademy.com/articles/html-inline-styles)
* [Specifics on CSS Specificity](https://css-tricks.com/specifics-on-css-specificity/)
* [CSS SpeciFishity](http://www.standardista.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/specificity3.pdf)
* [Introduction to HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML)
* [CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS)
* [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/)
* [center boxes](https://css-tricks.com/centering-css-complete-guide/)

**General Rules**
----------------------

* Allowed editors: `vi`, `vim`, `emacs`
* All your files should end with a new line
* A `README.md` file, at the root of the folder of the project, is mandatory
* Your code should be W3C compliant and validate with [W3C-Validator](https://github.com/holbertonschool/W3C-Validator)
* All your CSS files should be in `styles` folder
* All your images should be in `images` folder
* You are not allowed to use `!important` and `id` (`#...` in the CSS file)
* You are not allowed to use tags `img`, `embed` and `iframe`
* You are not allowed to use Javascript
* Current screenshots have been done on `Chrome 56` or more.
* No cross browsers
* You have to follow all requirements but some `margin/padding` are missing - you should try to fit as much as you can to screenshots

<p align="center"> AUTHOR </p>

<h3 align="center">Made by Johanne Lopez</h3>

Commit message:

[update]html Dom tree visual

web_static/README.md, after:

AirBnB clone - Web static
==========================
![alt text](https://s3.amazonaws.com/intranet-projects-files/concepts/74/hbnb_step1.png)
## Web static, what???
<p>

Now that you have a command interpreter for managing your AirBnB objects, it’s time to make them alive!

Before developing a big and complex web application, we will build the front end step-by-step.

The first step is to “design” / “sketch” / “prototype” each element:

Create simple HTML static pages
* Style guide
* Fake contents
* No Javascript
* No data loaded from anything

During this project, you will learn how to manipulate HTML and CSS languages.
HTML is the structure of your page, it should be the first thing to write.
CSS is the styling of your page, the design. I really encourage you to fix your HTML part before starting the styling.
Indeed, without any structure, you can’t apply any design.
</p>

>Learn everything in 15 min?!?!
>>**Skim through all this information beloww and your a MASTER....**
>:alien:


What is HTML 🤌🏽
-------------

* The ***HyperText Markup Language***, or HTML is the standard markup language for documents designed to be displayed in a web browser.

How to create an [HTML page](https://www.tutorialrepublic.com/html-tutorial/html-get-started.php)
-----------------------------

* An HTML file is simply a text file saved with an .html or .htm extension.
>Getting Started:

To begin coding HTML you need only two stuff: a simple-text editor and a web browser. Well, let's get started with creating your first HTML page

![alt text](https://learn.shayhowe.com/assets/images/courses/html-css/getting-to-know-html/building-structure.png)


What is a markup language
--------------------------

What is the DOM
----------------
<p>
When a web page is loaded, the browser creates a **Document Object Model** of the page.

The *HTML DOM* model is constructed as a tree of *Objects*:

![alt text](https://www.w3schools.com/js/pic_htmltree.gif)


</p>

What is an element / tag
-------------------------
What is an attribute
-------------------------

How does the browser load a webpage
------------------------------------

What is CSS
--------------

How to add style to an element
-------------------------------

What is a class
------------------

What is a selector
---------------------
How to compute CSS Specificity Value
-------------------------------------

What are Box properties in CSS
--------------------------------



Resources
============

**Read or watch:**

* [Learn to Code HTML & CSS](https://learn.shayhowe.com/html-css/) (until “Creating Lists” included)
* [Inline Styles in HTML](https://www.codecademy.com/articles/html-inline-styles)
* [Specifics on CSS Specificity](https://css-tricks.com/specifics-on-css-specificity/)
* [CSS SpeciFishity](http://www.standardista.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/specificity3.pdf)
* [Introduction to HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML)
* [CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS)
* [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/)
* [center boxes](https://css-tricks.com/centering-css-complete-guide/)

**General Rules**
----------------------

* Allowed editors: `vi`, `vim`, `emacs`
* All your files should end with a new line
* A `README.md` file, at the root of the folder of the project, is mandatory
* Your code should be W3C compliant and validate with [W3C-Validator](https://github.com/holbertonschool/W3C-Validator)
* All your CSS files should be in `styles` folder
* All your images should be in `images` folder
* You are not allowed to use `!important` and `id` (`#...` in the CSS file)
* You are not allowed to use tags `img`, `embed` and `iframe`
* You are not allowed to use Javascript
* Current screenshots have been done on `Chrome 56` or more.
* No cross browsers
* You have to follow all requirements but some `margin/padding` are missing - you should try to fit as much as you can to screenshots

<p align="center"> AUTHOR </p>

<h3 align="center">Made by Johanne Lopez</h3>
